as you can see we have changed
slightly the location to try
to hear us better because one of the
demands that we have had lately is
the subject of the sun and not as you know we are
an amateur and good channel within
our possibilities every time
we do more and every time we try
so solve your demands for
improve the channel among all the subject that
we are dealing with today in our
our way of serving each other
questions is the doubts that have arisen to
root of the last means that we
we did win forgiveness lose weight at
same time you keep or want
strength has come out a doubt because I in
that video talked about exercises
analytical strength is to say that at
be is caloric deficit to lose
weight because for slopes and we said
that you had to be in caloric deficit
always to maintain strength there was
analytical exercises to do as
well they have asked us a lot I mean
with that then here I mean with that
we will talk now
and us in many of our videos
we have recommended and we have said that
we make the spice
hybrid training is to say where
first the exercises are worked
basic in our soccer case
different as is the bench press like
is the squat as is the deadlift
and then a series of exercises are done
accessories even some to range of
hypertrophy since as we have commented
some other video to us we do not like
and two we seem to win something from
muscle out of season especially not
it is never coming from more then that
I mean that at the time of the deficit
caloric those exercises we have to
let us go we can what we no longer
we can do is this logical energy
to lose weight to define the
men that we have more than one goal
maintain or gain strength and over run
normal muscles or hypertrophy this
it is already impossible therefore the first
is I mean with exercise in the state
of strength is that we only touch the range
of strength in the basic exercise that we
double if we citizens what
we make
work 6 sets of four repetitions
because everything that would be or six series at
I focus failure whatever then to
end up stuck in press the day that
we do banking there are three shoulders
many times there is something of three with
adventure dumbbells detect the day
that they are dead in the dead prisoner
illuminated test there are oars in the case
of having caloric deficit and or
exercises
we would leave only we would
from our point of view,
Basic exercises in the range of strength
and inside the weight squat
dead with the strong exercise of
work work be theologies other
things only work bench is
another thing but only the exercise of
force because caloric deficit does not
there will be much more apparent energy
atrophy to gain strength and so on
etcetera that's the first thing to focus on
analytically the fires we have
than doing the other thing we have to stop it
side and then another very important thing
cilantro the approximation exercises
as the warm-up ones are light
the celebrate for the class we will find
the caloric deficit is the energy that
we will have to train and that
it will be low therefore warming
effective and fast series of
approach the jousts to get
close well to the work series
operated of force and then work the
force and then avoid the exercises
accessory only the basic ones I in
back for example and dead weight
would put some oars that least
I would jump because it's basic for meat
the squat varies practically alone
like a lot of genres because it's a
muscle that the rag with the squat and
chest day as much later
would add a press is above the
head some I presented shoulders but already
it would leave everything the dumbbells are
the adventures of hypertrophy work
I would leave it to the bank
to ranges of strength and would leave on legs
of squats forgiveness would leave what is
the press what strides are
and in the deadlift would then leave what
are all pulls with chin-ups
because you will not give for so much so
so much to the question to which we referred
by exercises in haiti with strength is
that leave the accessories leave the topic
of self-interest ranges between 6 and
12 only work force and
approximation exercises and
warming light and just enough to
be able to work without risk of injury
So, since we take the objectives
you have to select according
this is the doubt we hope that we have
resolved and from the others the videos
thank you